add pagination

add views for data (bootstrap tables)
	maybe use components

add image to notes table (using new migration)	
	add image validation to 100x100 and crop it
		and store file
		make storage:link
	add ability to PUT/PATCH, instead of just PUT like now

make fields nullable,default values etc in migrations
	check documentation on possible functions
	
try to use axios to fetch data too!
	is axios async?

output author for each note
	check telescope
	solve n+1 problem
	

add ability to show user's notes, by clicking checkbox. 
	AJAX with query parameters
		AJAX may be working wrong if the request() works worse than $request
		try to use with any method that uses request()
	Do the same with AXIOS (better?)
		axios.get(url, {
   body:{},
   headers: {
     "X-Requested-With": "XMLHttpRequest", (for request->ajax())
   },
 })
	do the same with FETCH(API)



find some e-commerce github projects, on which you can see how controllers done
	(resource controller methods, or are there are other methods)
	(how to implement roles and tokens)
	(maybe how to navigate react routes)


add roles table if needed

Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS): Implement CORS to control which domains can access your API.

Content Security Policy (CSP): Implement a CSP header to protect against cross-site scripting attacks.

Rate Limiting: Implement rate limiting and throttling to prevent abuse of your API.


add 10000 records, check speed of pages, then check queries in Telescope

write PhpUnit tests and other (laravel dusk?)
	they test work of site without loading it
		so you can write tests to open different pages etc
	test sanitizer, validation, axios requests, etc stuff

Response Caching: Cache entire API responses to reduce the load on your server and speed up client requests.
Data Caching: Cache data that is frequently used in API responses to minimize database queries.
HTTP Caching: Utilize HTTP caching headers to control how clients cache API responses.

Queue and Job Processing: Use queue systems like Laravel’s built-in queues or R
edis for background processing to handle resource-intensive tasks.

create documentation (use postman)
rename github repo from REST to just website

Content Delivery Networks (CDNs): Utilize CDNs to cache and deliver media files and assets.

create localization files and localize your api/frontend